Hannaford I was heroes working we're at
hansard and we just had anyway we just
had sushi done diddly anxious and we're
out of the sushi they'll thank you for
that
excuse him people um we're all out of
sushi now the Kevin's ever had wasabi
and so he's gonna be there me to eat the
wasabi so he's gonna go get older first
time she wants me to eat this whole
thing oddly the whole thing I didn't
think you were going to the whole thing
no big just eat a little bit even I'm
not stupid enough to do that to you
Callisto dope I'd like steve-o from
jackass when you snore - I'm not gonna
snort it um in fact I might puke if you
snorted it and like you give you the
whole thing - it looks like frickin
green play-doh
oh are you glad I didn't do the whole
thing
oh no every night I'm gonna drink
because a bad idea well I know in the
community you not eat that whole thing
that whole Claudia have their camera
it's like helmet on my nose never
your focus is clear no yes
never eat a dime size with a hobby
how can you imagine steve-o snorting it
oh it burns this is really really bad